I couldn't be more proud of ourselves.
We know how to use width and height.
I know both of our images are rendered exactly the same.
Or there is a big issue even that would change the width and height or even if you do it in the sea
assess which again we'll learn later on.
The browser is still rendering that massive image and what happens is if you're going to have tons of
massive images like this then your user whatever is going to be using or visiting your website is going
to experience very slow load times and usually what happens the user is going to wait for three seconds
and then it's just going to leave and find a different page.
So even though we have here with a two fifty nine and one ninety four when we're actually rendering
is still this guy with thousand and six hundred sixty and there's multiple things that we can do in
general we will use some kind of application whether that would be photoshop or something like that
or there is maybe a quick way meaning.
Obviously it's not the best one but let's say as we're working just with HCM Al and SS and we just want
to quickly crop damage we can use the actual Mac.
Now if you're using different operating system you would have to research it how it's done on site windows
more on the market would be kind of simple.
Is it going to look for.
What image we would like to crop as you notice once I right click it.
I have an option of open with and once I navigate to the preview I'm gonna be given option now.
Then my options I'm going to be looking for tools and with the tools we can just adjust the size of
this is the tab that we're going to be looking for now the moment I'm gonna click on it.
Notice here I can change the actual dimensions of the image.
Now here on the right side you might be having different one would say you might have percent or inches
I would suggest going for the pixels.
And then if you have over here this log.
That means that if I'm gonna change the with the height is gonna change automatically.
So if I'm going to write hundred notice this is gonna give me sixty seven.
Now once you click on a log.
Now you can change both of them.
So in this case maybe I can say that the height is still gonna be a thousand but the waste is going
to be a hundred.
Now again this is really up to you.
However you would like to do it in this case it doesn't really matter again.
Let's say that I'm gonna go with again two hundred and fifty nine but I believe right and let me log
this I notice I messed that up a little bit sorry to 59 and this is gonna give me 173 so I can just
click on okay.
Now this is gonna quickly crop my image and again this is probably nothing.
Something you would do in production but in general just for projects whatever you're gonna be doing
this is gonna be good enough where you don't need to learn how you can start using the actual Photoshop.
Now I'm gonna head over back to our project notice again.
We have 259 by 173 instead of thousand and I can also get rid of maybe these guys.
Again it was good thing to learn and it was beneficial for us but in order to save our user a trip to
a kitchen let's say to make a coffee while our page loads we can obviously just crop them images and
that way everything looks much nicer and also performs much nicer.